Reference/sources 
Finding out about string.h learning about strcmp
rewind(file); To move pointer to the start.
How to remove newline after fgets google
Finding out about strcspn google
Slides and previous assignments

Starting with the main Adding error checking to make sure only 2 arguments in the command line 
Also opening file with error checking 
Adding all function calls and closing file 

Creating a new function wordCount
Preplan: - open the file and read till the end. Check for space and set a counter increment count every time . Also implementing a preacher incase we have 2 spaces and so on. Won’t work for last word though so also adding a check outside the loop to increment.

Initiate count = 0, c and prevc
Open the file read till the end 
If space and prev char was a alpha numeric then increment count
Set prev to current char and continue 
Also add the check or the last element that doesn’t get counted.
Then print the count out 

Implementing in the same way above

Planning charter Frequency 
Create 2 lists
Second read the the file with while loop
If char not in list then add 
Else 
Find the char then increment count of char then also increment the count of same index as char.
Print list1[I] and list2[I] where list 1 is the char and list2 is the count of the c 
Initializing everything to -1111
And count to 0
Printing it out 
Free the array memory

Create 2 string using malloc one for substring one to the normal list letting it be 1000 in length 
Ask user for substring with max limit of 1000chars.

Open and read till end of the file 
Check if the first char o the substring is the same as the char 
Then add to list also create end position
Over here compare the newly created list to the sub string and if it is true then increase count (also create count and index variable)
Else reset index to start over 
Then deallocate memory

Create an array ill take 150 length of a word. 
Else case Add the char to the word and increase index.
Copy pasting the code from the first function deleting the count and adding a for loop to count the chars to setting the list backwards.

Also implementing a similar implentation as above outside loop for the last value problem like above.

Deallocate memory

For palindrom copy pasting above code 
Creating another array for the revword. Same implementation.
Comparing the 2 words if they match print out 

Deallocate memory of second array as well.

Debugging and testing. Added the rewind(file) part to all functions also making sure new line when getting user input isn't a problem.
