Making the second part of the program
Creating 3 java classes in another folder node, doublylinkedlist and main

Keeping node same as the previous one and adding Node prev
Going to main and setting it up.

Copy pasting the linked list code to the circular doubly linked list 
First going to add()

Adding node.prev = null;

In the last else
node.prev = traverseNode
Traversenode.prev.next = node;

Going back up to the while loop and changing traverseNode != head.prev

Testing infinite loop 

Going to show
Changing traversenode != head.prev

Testing error

Putting the code in a do loop
And changing the while statement back to head 

Testing desert work
Error

Adding a statement to check if lastposition < position

Going to head to make sure it works 
Setting an if statement to check if the head is empty

Adding node.prev = node ( I actually did this later after doing the next step of else statement. This one missing missing statement took me a hour to figure out.)( Ill mention it below but just added it here)

Setting the head for every other case
Basically setting the old heads prev(pointer to tail) to new head and 
Pointing the new node to the old head.

Testing 
Error

Going to show
Checking for head.prev which is the tail

Testing 
After lots of debugging 

Adding node.prev = node

Testing
One number missing

Going to show adding a separate extra print statement outside loop

Testing
Add and show work

Break

Going to traverse
Setting the first while loop to check for head.prev instead of null
Starting last position from 1

Since we have to traverse from the start to the same position we are implementing a do loop
I think the question is asking for 2 traverse loops since it says both directions so ill first do this one then copy past a second one
I’ll call the first one traverse loop forward and second traverse loop backward. 

For now continuing with traverse loop forward
Converting the while loop to do loop
Changing the while command to traveseNode != traversedNode_check 
Creating a Node travesenode_check which will be equal to the travesnode before the do loop.
For backwards I think we only need to change .next to .prev in the do loop.

First testing normal traversing
Traveling works 
Though last position needs to be changed back to 0 

Testing again 
Now it works in range.

Decided to keep traverse as traverse and for the second one change it to traverseBackward.

Testing now 
Expected exact opposite result but then realized that we are including the starting position as well ( it would have to be -1 for it to be backwards in my testing case that is 3) 
So not an error I guess. Therefore code successful

Now finally we go to remove()

Changing the while statement to !=  head.prev
Going to the else if and adding a statement set the old head pointer to the new head
And changing the tail pointer to point to the second/new head node.

Adding a statement to the last else statement to change the prev pointer to point to the node before the deleted node.

Debugging 
Works

Testing all test cases
Fails at add

Creating an if statement before do

Finishing the program with test cases
