Create Struct with id, name and marks.

8:09-11:38
First we create the function read csv
Function should open the file with error handling 
Use strtok to get the values for every csv.
Since there are 10 items in marks we will run till we get all of them and save it.
For ints or decimal use Strtod and strtol.
Forgot to add read till the end of the csv file.
Also catch new lines at the end.
Break out of loop once it has run more than numStudent times.
Return the number of times ran.

11:38 - 11:55
Implementing a function to display the data of a student with their id, name and marks
Encountered a small problem with the pointer fixed that.

12:22 -12:48
Calculate the total marks first get the midterm marks and save 20% of that.
Then calculate the assignment marks save 80% of that split it with 8 assignments add a loop here for all 8 assignments.
The first loop will go through each student and get the above then repeat keep track of the total
Divide the total by the num of students.

12:48 - 1:25
Calculate the average mark of the given assignment.
First run a loop going through all the students marks.
Add the marks to a variable total
Also count the number of times the we get a mark.
Skip marks with -1 value.
Then divide the total by the number of marks received.

1:25 - 1:58
Find the student info by the student id
For loop to run through the students
And check if the student id given by the user against the list student ids.
If found return the struct that contains it.
Else tell user data not found and return nothing.

11:55 - 3:08
Create a while loop giving user 5 option.
Display all students, calculate class mark, calculate average mark, search student with student id or quit.
If option a then run through all the student data with a for loop and print it out.
If option b then print the average class mark
If option c then ask user for classIndex and print the average of the class index assignment.
If option d then ask the user for the student id and call the search id function if it returns null don’t print anything if it returns something print it using display student.
If option e then quit the program successfully.
Else quit unsuccessfully 

Lot of debugging was involved it was hard to document the debugging but mostly occurred in the first part of the program readCSV. 